alright I'm here with Mitch Haldane
linebacker and tight end for the night
like tears high school football team and
I'm just talking to Mitch about how the
seasons gone so far and playing against
meadowdale this week Mitch can you start
off just by telling me what this year's
tears team is like and even though you
guys don't have huge numbers the guys
that are out here really are committed
yeah compared to old terrorist teams we
just have a we have probably bought the
same numbers but we have a lot more
commitment so yeah like it and does that
come from previous classes of players
just really setting the tone for you
guys more or less i think it was our
class because my sophomore year a lot of
us all varsity saw blade you guys want
to finish off strong tell me about your
quarterback Brooke besides having a
really cool name he jumped into the
quarterback spot and it was kind of
unexpected thing but he's doing pretty
well at this point yeah we had a
different QB a cam but he had to move
away so understand please did a good job
he's a lot you made some good decisions
I like having him in the backfield and
he's a three-sport captain your coach
was telling me so he's a captain at
football I can track and wrestling's and
athletes hey and that tell me about what
he does well in the field you as a tight
end I guess you get to see his his
passing but it's a better running faster
oh I think he's okay both but I think
he's just a better athlete overall he
can make plays happen if he needs to if
we give him the edge I think he can take
it okay of course you guys are getting
ready for the big game against
meadowdale and you knock them off a
couple years ago and then they got you
guys last year tell me what you expect
from meadowdale and obviously this year
the game has a little more impact for
both teams yeah this year I think it's
going to be a little bit more than
right because they're in 38 west CO and
so are we now so it's going to be a lot
bigger game for us I mean they got one
game last year we beat in my sophomore
year so it's kind of one to one right
now so we'll see you can take this game
whoever gets two out of three gets the
bragging rights for the school district
basically great well Mitch thanks for
taking some time to talk to me and good
luck to you guys this week all right
thank you